deploy nginx (#6)
abhayPS11/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/nginx-azure/container-setup.md

---
title: Setup Azure Linux 3.0 Environment
weight: 4

### FIXED, DO NOT MODIFY
layout: learningpathall
---

> You can choose between deploying your Spark workload either in an Azure Linux 3.0 Docker container or on a virtual machine created from a custom Azure Linux 3.0 image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose between deploying Nginx in an Azure Linux 3.0 Docker container or on a virtual machine created from a custom Azure Linux 3.0 image.
```
